image,caption
image1.jpg,"A dog shakes its head near the shore , a red ball next to it ."
image1.jpg,A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
image1.jpg,"Dog with orange ball at feet , stands on shore shaking off water"
image1.jpg,White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water .
image1.jpg,White dog with brown ears standing near water with head turned to one side .
image2.jpg,A collage of one person climbing a cliff .
image2.jpg,A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall .
image2.jpg,A group of people climbing a rock while one man belays
image2.jpg,Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope .
image2.jpg,Several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line .
image3.jpg,A black dog carries a green toy in his mouth as he walks through the grass .
image3.jpg,A black dog carrying something through the grass .
image3.jpg,A black dog has a blue toy in its mouth .
image3.jpg,A dog in grass with a blue item in his mouth .
image3.jpg,A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass .
image4.jpg,a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
image4.jpg,A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy .
image4.jpg,A dog leaps to catch a ball in a field .
image4.jpg,A white dog is trying to catch a ball in midair over a grassy field .
image4.jpg,The white dog is playing in a green field with a yellow toy .
image5.jpg,A climber wearing a blue helmet and headlamp is attached to a rope on the rock face .
image5.jpg,A man climbs a rocky wall .
image5.jpg,a rock climber climbs a large rock .
image5.jpg,A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock .
image5.jpg,Person with blue helmet and purple pants is rock climbing .
image6.jpg,A man climbing a rock wall
image6.jpg,A man climbing the side of a cliff .
image6.jpg,A man is rock climbing .
image6.jpg,"Man with red shoes , white shirt and grey pants climbing ."
image6.jpg,The young man with the white t-shirt and jeans is rappeling up the rock wall .
image7.jpg,A guy stands by a window taking his overshirt off .
image7.jpg,A man in a tank top stands next to a chrome door .
image7.jpg,A man puts his shirt on near an elevator .
image7.jpg,A man stands by an elevator with his head down .
image7.jpg,The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
image8.jpg,A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night .
image8.jpg,A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole .
image8.jpg,A woman stands with children on a boardwalk at night overlooking the sea .
image8.jpg,Some people on a pier at night with one girl fishing off it .
image8.jpg,Woman with three children fishing over boardwalk in the evening .
image9.jpg,A baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks .
image9.jpg,A baby is stacking rocks on the beach .
image9.jpg,A small boy is playing with rocks
image9.jpg,A toddler sitting on a pile of rocks holding a rock at a beach .
image9.jpg,Toddler sits on a pile of rocks .
image10.jpg,A person eats takeout while watching a small television .
image10.jpg,A person sits on the floor and eats in front of a television .
image10.jpg,A television with a picture of a girl on it .
image10.jpg,A young man sits on the floor by the television with a fast food meal in front of him .
image10.jpg,Someone is laying in front of the TV eating food .

